CR Transition admin drafts (#47)
w3c/did-wg: admin/CR-March-2021/preliminary_publ_request.txt

To: denis, jennyliang@w3.org Cc: DID WG Chairs, Manu, rhiaro

Denis, Jiaying,

As you could see in [1], there is a transition request for a CR Snapshot, planned for the 18th of March.
Hopefully we will get the approval of Philippe and Ralph in time.

I have already put the document on TR space:

https://www.w3.org/TR/2021/CR-did-core-20210318/

and the lead editors of the document (Manu Sporny and Amy Guy, cc-d) have gone through the pubrules' checker. However, 
we would appreciate if you could check the document whether it is ready for publication, or whether
we have to make some editorial changes.

> Of course, as soon as we get the transition approval, I will send you (ie, the webmaster) an official

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course, as soon as we get the transition approval, I will send you (i.e., the webmaster) an official
```

To: denis, jennyliang@w3.org Cc: DID WG Chairs, Manu, rhiaro

Denis, Jiaying,

As you could see in [1], there is a transition request for a CR Snapshot, planned for the 18th of March.
Hopefully we will get the approval of Philippe and Ralph in time.

I have already put the document on TR space:

https://www.w3.org/TR/2021/CR-did-core-20210318/

and the lead editors of the document (Manu Sporny and Amy Guy, cc-d) have gone through the pubrules' checker. However, 
we would appreciate if you could check the document whether it is ready for publication, or whether
we have to make some editorial changes.

> Of course, as soon as we get the transition approval, I will send you (ie, the webmaster) and official

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Of course, as soon as we get the transition approval, I will send you (ie, the webmaster) an official
```

> Of course, as soon as we get the transition approval, I will send you (ie, the webmaster) and official

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course, as soon as we get the transition approval, I will send you (i.e., the webmaster) an official
```
